Enterprise Release - June 2020 (#446)
sider/sider-docs: docs/enterprise/index.md

---
id: index
title: Sider Enterprise Outline
sidebar_label: Outline
hide_title: true
---

# Sider Enterprise

Sider Enterprise allows you to run Sider on your infrastructure. This allows Sider Enterprise to satisfy higher security and performance requirements than the SaaS version of Sider.

> - You can keep your source code in your network. While SaaS version of Sider offers a high-security environment, keeping your source code in your network can enable even higher security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can keep your source code in your network. While the SaaS version of Sider offers a high-security environment, keeping your source code in your network can enable even higher security.
```

- You can upgrade the hardware for better analysis performance as you need it.

> On the other hand, using Sider Enterprise means you have to take care of running the application. You have to set up the hardware and software required to run it and upgrade the programs.

Reviewer: [IMO] I feel it more natural, but just my opinion (you can ignore it).

```suggestion
On the other hand, using Sider Enterprise means you have to manage the system by yourself. You have to set up the hardware and software required to run it and upgrade the programs.
```

Author: I prefer your suggestion. Thanks.

If you are using GitHub Enterprise, Sider Enterprise is the only way to use Sider on your projects.

> ## [System overview](./system-overview.md)

Reviewer: [suggestion] How about making a consistent style in headings? (we may need to fix other places...)

```suggestion
## [System Overview](./system-overview.md)
```

Author: You're absolutely right.

System overview of Sider Enterprise. You can get to know the requirements to run Sider Enterprise on your environment.

> ## [Installation Guide](./installation.md)

Reviewer: [suggestion] I feel the repeated `Guide` words are a bit wordy. What about removing "Guide" from the headings and siderbar labels?

For example:

<img width="504" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/473530/85388403-0525e680-b581-11ea-9f35-8dab7706f7cc.png">

Reviewer: Also, I feel just `Configuration` is confusing with the normal configuration page of Sider.
So, what about adding `Enterprise` to `<title>` and `<h1>` as follows?

<img width="427" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/473530/85388774-79608a00-b581-11ea-9613-f8d0713de1a5.png">

Author: Thank you. I removed `Guide` from all pages via 6aa94f0, and I prefixed "Sider Enterprise" via e352dc7. "Sider" might be wordy, but I added it before "Enterprise" because I want to distinguish from GitHub Enterprise Server.

Reviewer: > "Sider" might be wordy, but I added it before "Enterprise" because I want to distinguish from GitHub Enterprise Server.

Honestly, I feel a bit strange that "Sider Enterprise Configuration" and "Installation" are nearby in the sidebar. 💦

<img width="338" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/473530/85488100-b1f77680-b608-11ea-866a-1046dde5eec8.png">

How about this change? 👇 

<img width="327" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/473530/85488167-ce93ae80-b608-11ea-91f8-2edf6a3478ae.png">

Author: Good catch :clap: I didn't notice. I intended to separate the commit, but I accidentally pushed at a time via 178f277 :pray:

Reviewer: I feel also wordy "Sider Enterprise Configuration" in the outline page:

<img width="487" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/473530/85488619-9476dc80-b609-11ea-9099-da9e8b4d4a3c.png">

https://deploy-preview-446--sider-docs.netlify.app/enterprise/

The following may be simpler.

---

## Configuration

Configuration guide for Sider Enterprise. You may have to ...

Author: Thank you. I think 016c1fe might change it.

> Step-by-step Installation guide for Sider Enterprise.

Reviewer: [typo] 😅 

```suggestion
Step-by-step installation guide for Sider Enterprise.
```

## [Configuration](./config.md)

Configuration guide for Sider Enterprise. You may have to configure your Sider Enterprise to fit your environment.

## [Operation](./operation.md)

Various operation guide for Sider Enterprise. You can make users administrators, restart services, and so on.

## [Update](./updating.md)

Update guide for Sider Enterprise.

## [Load Balancer](./load-balancer.md)

Load balancer guide for Sider Enterprise. You can get to know how to set up your load balancer to properly forward HTTP requests to Sider Enterprise.

## [MySQL](./mysql.md)

MySQL guide for Sider Enterprise. It describes the requirements and the recommended parameters.

## [Redis](./redis.md)

Redis guide for Sider Enterprise.

## [Minio](./minio.md)

> Minio guide for Sider Enterprise.

Reviewer: [IMO] It may be good to add a simple note for people unfamiliar with Minio.

```suggestion
Minio (compatible with Amazon S3) guide for Sider Enterprise.
```

Author: Thank you :+1: fb632ec
